c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\MVC_SCAFFOLDING.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\MVC_SCAFFOLDING.pdb
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\obj\Debug\MVC_SCAFFOLDING.dll
c:\users\irem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\MVC_SCAFFOLDING\obj\Debug\MVC_SCAFFOLDING.pdb
